console.README.md, before:

# Console: No effort, universal logger.

Part of the
[reason-native](https://github.com/facebookexperimental/reason-native) native
utility collection.

**Browser Inspired**: `Console` is modelled after the browser console. It
doesn't require that you define any printers, and `Console.log/warn/error`
accept any type of input. Record fields and variant label names are lost at
compile time so they aren't printed.

**Suitable For Developers or Users:**
- Passing a single `string` (as in `Console.log("hello")`) will not print the
  quotes (just like in the browser)
- Passing a deep structure will print the deep structure, and strings that
  appear in the deep structure will include quotes.

This makes `Console` suitable for either logging messages displayed to the
user in command line apps, but also suitable for messages intended only for
the developer to read.

**No Effort**: Uses runtime checks to determine a likely appropriate printer
for your data without requiring any ppx plugins and without having to write
printers for your data types. Depth checking will prevent cyclical data from
printing infinitely.

**Best effort**: The basic data types are detected accurately at
runtime(`string`, `float`, `int`).

Record labels and variant names are not preserved at compilation time so are
not printed - but their data is still printed in the correct order.
Records/variant types that occupy more than one word in a block are all
printed as their corresponding integer (if a payloadless variant), or `{x, y,
...z}` for a record or variant that contains data.

    Console.log(Some("hi"));
    > {"hi"}

    Console.log(None);
    > 0

**Extensible**: Allows customization of printing in order to change where the
logs are written to, how they are highlighted, and anything else you would
like.


### `Console.log(anything)`
Output a string or object to standard output. Suitable for writing to logs, or
for outputting user messaging in command line applications. If you pass a
string, it will not be wrapped in quotes. If you pass an object, `Console.log`
will attempt to print the object dynamically. Strings deep in objects will be
wrapped in quotes.

```reason
let log: 'a => unit;
```

### `Console.out(anything)`

Same as `Console.log` but does not append a newline.

```reason
let out: 'a => unit;
```

### `Console.debug(anything)`
Outputs developer-only messaging to standard out. Suitable for writing to log
files. In production mode, would typically be suppressed entirely.

```reason
let debug: 'a => unit;
```

### `Console.error(anything)`
Same as `Console.log` but writes to `stderr`.

```reason
let error: 'a => unit;
```

### `Console.warn(anything)`

Currently the same as `Console.error` but will eventually be able to be
suppressed via a "log level".

```reason
let warn: 'a => unit;
```

Commit message:

Add dependency instructions in console.README

console.README.md, after:

# Console: No effort, universal logger.

Part of the
[reason-native](https://github.com/facebookexperimental/reason-native) native
utility collection.

## Using:
- From your project, add a package dependency on `@reason-native/console`
- If using Dune, add an entry in your `dune` file's `libraries` section so that
  it includes `console.lib` such as: `(libraries console.lib )`

**Browser Inspired**: `Console` is modelled after the browser console. It
doesn't require that you define any printers, and `Console.log/warn/error`
accept any type of input. Record fields and variant label names are lost at
compile time so they aren't printed.

**Suitable For Developers or Users:**
- Passing a single `string` (as in `Console.log("hello")`) will not print the
  quotes (just like in the browser)
- Passing a deep structure will print the deep structure, and strings that
  appear in the deep structure will include quotes.

This makes `Console` suitable for either logging messages displayed to the
user in command line apps, but also suitable for messages intended only for
the developer to read.

**No Effort**: Uses runtime checks to determine a likely appropriate printer
for your data without requiring any ppx plugins and without having to write
printers for your data types. Depth checking will prevent cyclical data from
printing infinitely.

**Best effort**: The basic data types are detected accurately at
runtime(`string`, `float`, `int`).

Record labels and variant names are not preserved at compilation time so are
not printed - but their data is still printed in the correct order.
Records/variant types that occupy more than one word in a block are all
printed as their corresponding integer (if a payloadless variant), or `{x, y,
...z}` for a record or variant that contains data.

    Console.log(Some("hi"));
    > {"hi"}

    Console.log(None);
    > 0

**Extensible**: Allows customization of printing in order to change where the
logs are written to, how they are highlighted, and anything else you would
like.


### `Console.log(anything)`
Output a string or object to standard output. Suitable for writing to logs, or
for outputting user messaging in command line applications. If you pass a
string, it will not be wrapped in quotes. If you pass an object, `Console.log`
will attempt to print the object dynamically. Strings deep in objects will be
wrapped in quotes.

```reason
let log: 'a => unit;
```

### `Console.out(anything)`

Same as `Console.log` but does not append a newline.

```reason
let out: 'a => unit;
```

### `Console.debug(anything)`
Outputs developer-only messaging to standard out. Suitable for writing to log
files. In production mode, would typically be suppressed entirely.

```reason
let debug: 'a => unit;
```

### `Console.error(anything)`
Same as `Console.log` but writes to `stderr`.

```reason
let error: 'a => unit;
```

### `Console.warn(anything)`

Currently the same as `Console.error` but will eventually be able to be
suppressed via a "log level".

```reason
let warn: 'a => unit;
```
